fix: `required_without` rule logic in `Validation` class. (#6589)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/installation/upgrade_427.rst

======

-  ``Time::__toString()`` is now locale-independent. It returns database-compatible strings like '2022-09-07 12:00:00' in any locale. Most locales are not affected by this change. But in a few locales like `ar`, `fa`, ``Time::__toString()`` (or ``(string) $time`` or implicit casting to a string) no longer returns a localized datetime string. if you want to get a localized datetime string, use :ref:`Time::toDateTimeString() <time-todatetimestring>` instead.

> - The rule of ``required_without`` logic is changed to validate each array separately, and the name of parameters are also changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The logic of Validation rule ``required_without`` has been changed to validate each array item separately when validating fields with asterisk (``*``), and the method signature of the rule method has also been changed. Extending classes should likewise update the parameters so as not to break LSP.
```
